Story Recapped here.
Today, I’m going to explain a comedy and
horror film called, “Jennifer’s Body.”
Spoilers ahead!
Watch out and take care.
Anita Lesnicki, known to people as “Needy”
is an alleged violent murderer currently locked
up in a correctional facility.
Needy is known for her alleged crimes and
receives hundreds of letters every day from
people cursing her to hell or begging her
to accept Jesus Christ into her heart.
Innocent or not, the scars on her body tell
a different story.
After kicking a doctor on the chest at the
cafeteria, Needy is sent to solitary confinement.
She wasn’t always like this.
Believe it or not, there was a time when she
was considered normal.
Enclosed in darkness, Needy thinks about the
past several months.
She came from Devil’s Kettle, Minnesota.
The town is named after a local waterfall.
The thing is nobody knows where the water
goes.
One time, a group of scientists dropped a
bucket of red balls into the whirlpool, but
nothing ever resurfaced.
Here, in this little town where almost nothing
interesting ever happens is where it all went
down.
Needy is living a relatively normal teenage
life.
Even though she’s considered as the local
dork, she has a boyfriend named Chip and is
best friends with the hottest girl in school,
Jennifer Check.
Jen and Needy were playmates when they were
young and they’ve been inseparable ever
since.
After a school event, Jen invites Needy to
watch an indie rock band called Low Shoulder
who’s performing at the local dive bar,
Melody Lane.
Later that night, Needy hangs out with Chip
in her bedroom as she chooses an outfit for
the rock show.
Chip feels weirded out by their friendship
and accuses her of doing anything that Jen
tells her to do.
She defends this but deep down inside her,
she knows this isn’t entirely true.
She tries to change the topic and makes out
with her boyfriend on the bed, but they’re
interrupted as Jen arrives.
Jen teases Chip for being jealous because
he wasn’t invited as she and Needy get into
her car.
They arrive at Melody Lane, which is more
of a bar instead of a club.
The bar is full for the night and they see
some of their schoolmates, the foreign exchange
student, Ahmet, and Craig from the football
team whom Jen turns down.
At the counter, they’re approached by officer-in-training,
Roman, a guy with who Jen has been having
an on-and-off affair, but she turns him down
too.
Jen turns Needy’s attention to the band
as they’re setting up on the stage.
She drags her nerdy best friend and introduces
themselves to the lead singer, Nikolai Wolf.
Jen flirts with Nikolai and offers to buy
him a drink which he happily accepts.
As Jen goes to get some drinks, Needy stays
behind and overhears the conversation between
Nikolai and their bassist, Dirk.
Nikolai thinks that Jen is the one, telling
his friend that she’s definitely a virgin,
a girl who likes to put it out but never puts
it in.
Needy confronts Nikolai and tells him that
he’s a sleazy creep.
She goes to Jen and tells her that Nikolai
only wants her because he thinks she’s a
virgin.
Jen thinks this is crazy because she isn’t
even a backdoor virgin any more thanks to
Roman.
Just then, the band starts playing and they
watch and listen as they open with their first
song.
Jen is hopeless and feels giddy about the
lead singer, despite the remarks, and holds
Needy’s hand.
Needy feels happy seeing her friend happy,
but she lets go of her hand, feeling insecure
and thinking that she’ll never match up
to her pretty and popular best friend.
At the corner of her eye, Needy spots a fire
starting near the stage.
The curtains instantly catch fire and spread
across the ceiling, bringing down some of
the decorations.
The band stops playing as the whole bar quickly
goes up in flames.
A stampede occurs as Needy and Jen stand in
the room, hearing the cracking of bones.
A pile of wood falls down, crushing some of
their schoolmates as they both watch in horror.
Needy snaps out and drags Jen into the bathroom.
They escape through one of the windows and
reach the parking lot.
She comforts Jen who looks shocked and dazed.
Nikolai turns up from nowhere and hands Jen
a suspicious drink.
He insists that the girls go into his van,
but Needy refuses.
Jen, on the other hand, takes the drink and
goes with Nikolai.
Needy calls after her best friend but Jen
refuses to listen.
As she watches Jen go inside the van, Needy
knows something bad is about to happen.
Meanwhile, Melody Lane is burned to the ground.
Needy makes it home and calls Chip and tells
him about what happened.
Suddenly, her doorbell rings.
She keeps Chip on the phone as she goes down
to investigate, but when she opens the door,
nobody’s there.
Needy hangs up the phone and then spots a
shadow in the hallway.
She slowly walks to the door and opens it,
but the closet is empty too.
She goes into the kitchen to close the leaking
faucet and turns to face Jen, all bloody and
beaten in her outfit.
She tries to get some sense of what happened
to her, but her best friend can only reply
in animalistic grunts.
Jen goes to the fridge and starts eating their
food like a wild animal.
Needy tries to stop her but she suddenly starts
retching and vomits a pool of black, spiky
liquid on the linoleum.
She checks Jen’s wrist and feels almost
no pulse.
Needy runs to the hallway to call for help,
but Jen stops her and pins her to the wall.
She asks her if she’s scared to which Needy
nods and leans to breathe on her neck.
She drops her to the floor and escapes through
the main door.
Needy is left mortified at what happened.
The next morning at school, Needy is shocked
to see Jen alive and well.
Jen still looked the same, but she acted as
if nothing happened last night and is being
indifferent.
Needy knows that what happened yesterday was
real because she spent the whole night scrubbing
the vomit off the floor.
Jen dismisses her concerns and insists that
she’s just being overdramatic.
Just then, their teacher with the prosthetic
hand, Mr. Wroblewski, comes in to announce
the grim news.
After class, Needy meets Chip in the hallway
and tells him about what happened with Jen
last night.
Colin Gray, the high school’s local goth,
approaches her to check in on her after yesterday’s
fire.
Chip teases his girlfriend, but Needy reassures
him that he’s got nothing to worry about.
Meanwhile, Jen approaches Jonas Kozelle, one
of Craig’s best friends, who’s mourning
in the middle of their football field.
Jen convinces him to go with her to the woods
because Craig would have wanted the two of
them together.
As they make out in the woods, animals start
to surround them.
Jonas feels weirded out but Jen distracts
him by taking her shirt off.
She rips his jersey off and starts unzipping
his pants.
She then whispers to him that she’s going
to see his best friend real soon.
She pushes him against a tree and the last
thing Jonas sees is Jen’s eyes turning black
and her open mouth revealing her razor-sharp
teeth, ready to cut into his flesh.
Jonas’s screams reach the school’s parking
lot and alert their teacher, Mr. Wroblewski.
Feeling suspicious, he goes into the woods
and finds Jonas’s disemboweled dead body.
Back at home, Needy prepares a sandwich for
her mom as she listens to the radio.
Since the fire, Nikolai’s band, Low Shoulder,
has been getting tons of positive publicity.
As they talk over their meal, Jonas is taken
out of the woods through a body bag by the
police, while the killer, Jen, takes a bath
at a nearby lake, washing away all the evidence
of her bloody feast.
Later that night, Jen is on the phone with
Needy telling her about her perfect day.
After killing Jonas, she finds herself transformed,
feeling no pain, even burning her own tongue.
Needy gets another call and it’s her boyfriend,
Chip.
Needy hangs up on Jen and meets with Chip
at McCullum Park.
He tells her that the police are over at Kozelle’s
house and that Jonas was found dead in the
woods.
Needy says that with the fire and the killing,
it can’t be a coincidence.
Chip is horrified but reassures her that things
will get better.
A month after the fire and the killing of
Jonas Kozelle, the town found its way to slowly
heal.
The national news picked up the tragedies
of Devil Kettle and milked it as much as they
could.
Low Shoulder has gotten even bigger, capitalizing
on their part of the fire, and has made their
song the unofficial theme song of unity and
healing for the town.
Soon enough, Mr. Wrolewski announces that
Low Shoulder is holding a charity benefit
for the victims of the fire.
Needy calls them out for being crass but is
attacked by her classmates.
After class is dismissed, Needy walks with
Jen, pointing out that she looks pale and
haggard.
Jen says that it’s probably wearing off.
Before Needy could ask further, their conversation
is interrupted by Colin, who asks Jen out
on a date.
Jen turns him down initially but Needy insists
that he’s a cool guy.
Suddenly, Jen gets an idea.
She calls him back and tells him to meet at
her house and watch a movie.
Chip joins them in the hallway and feels weird
that Colin is talking to his girlfriend again,
but Needy tells him that he was only asking
Jen out on a date.
Later that night, Needy hangs out with Chip
in his bedroom.
They start making out and undressing each
other.
On the other side of town, Colin drives up
to an empty neighborhood.
He stops at the address that Jen gave him
and enters the unfinished house through the
back.
He explores around the house, looking for
Jen, and finally finds her in a room filled
with candles.
She takes off her jacket and they start making
out.
The sight of rats stops Colin but she lures
him back and takes off his pants.
Suddenly, Jen’s eyes turn dark as approaches
a terrified Colin.
She breaks his bones and pins him down on
the floor and starts to devour his soul.
Meanwhile, Chip and Needy are making love
when she spots the leaking blood on the ceiling
and sees Jonas dead in the room together with
a demonic Jen.
She gasps in horror until Chip stops, concerned
for his girlfriend.
Back at the house, Colin is dead with his
intestines out as Jen eats the rest of his
insides.
Needy runs out of Chip’s house and drives
her way home crying.
She almost runs over Jen on the highway but
she swerves to the right just in time.
When she stops, she looks around for Jen,
but she’s nowhere to be found.
Something jumps on her windshield, cracking
the glass, and it’s her best friend.
Needy screams as Jen gets off her car and
she drives the other way home.
Needy reaches her house and screams for her
mom.
Finding herself alone, she sobs in the living
room.
She thinks about Jen and blames herself for
letting her into the van.
She gets up and goes into her bedroom and
screams when she finds Jen laying next to
her.
Jen calms her down and begins kissing her.
Feeling confused, Needy kisses her back, and
the two make out briefly on her bed.
Needy stops and freaks out, feeling more complicated
than ever.
She threatens to call the police but Jen reminds
her that she has the cops in her back pocket.
Jen then tells her about what really happened
to her that night of the fire.
After she got into the truck, the guys drove
her to the falls.
She saw all the occult and supernatural books
in their van and thinking that they’re sexual
offenders, she insists that she’s a virgin,
so they should let her go and get someone
else who’s more experienced.
Unbeknownst to her, this is what they guys
exactly need.
When they reached the falls, Jen tried to
escape but it’s really dark so Nikolai caught
her immediately.
The guys carried her near the falls and tied
her up as they prepared for the ritual.
Dirk handed Nikolai a piece of paper and a
knife.
They then started the ritual.
It turned out, they’re sacrificing a virgin
to the Devil so that the Devil in turn can
grant them fame and success as a band.
Jen begs for her life, but the guys’ minds
are set.
Nikolai held up the knife and stabbed her
multiple times before tossing the knife into
the waterfall hole.
Back at Needy’s room, Jen finishes telling
the story.
She tells Needy that the stabs should have
killed her, but they didn’t.
Jen made her way back to Needy, feeling hungry
for blood, but she didn’t have it in her
to kill her friend.
On her way home, Jen approaches Ahmet who’s
just leaving the scene of the fire, and makes
him her first victim.
Jen tells a shocked Needy that when she’s
eaten and full, she’s unkillable.
She can now withstand virtually any injury
without pain and heal instantly.
Needy brings up their encounter in her car,
but Jen quickly dismisses it.
She then demands Jen to leave and she does
so by jumping through Needy’s second-floor
bedroom window.
Needy attends Colin’s burial the next morning.
She has to stop Jen in any way she can.
She starts researching about demons and the
occult, and a way to stop her friend from
killing any more boys.
Chip meets up with her at school and brings
up the school dance.
She tells him that they shouldn’t go to
the dance at all, but he’s really more concerned
about behavior.
They go to a quieter place and Needy finally
tells Chip the truth about Jen.
It turns out that Nikolai made a mistake when
they sacrificed Jen because she wasn’t a
complete virgin anymore since junior high.
According to Needy’s research, if the human
sacrifice is impure, the result may still
be attained, but the demon will remain in
the host’s body who will continue to feed
its thirst for blood.
Chip refuses to believe her which prompts
Needy to break up with him.
As the whole school prepares for the dance,
Needy worries about Jen’s next victim.
At Chip’s house, his mother gives him a
can of pepper spray which he takes hesitantly.
Meanwhile, Jen is wearing down, her hair is
falling out, and her skin is breaking out.
She needs to take her next victim soon.
Needy arrives at the dance and keeps an eye
out for Jen.
Meanwhile, Chip is walking through the park
to get to school when he’s stopped by Jen.
She lures him to the trees, saying that she
wants to talk about Needy.
She then lies to Chip, telling him that the
reason Needy was so broken up over Colin’s
death was because they were hooking up on
a semi-regular basis.
Jen starts flirting with Chip, lying to him
that she’s liked him all along, and then
starts kissing him.
They start making out under the trees until
Chip suggests they go somewhere else.
Back at school, Needy watches in anger as
she watches Low Shoulder open with their song.
Suddenly, she realizes why Jen hasn’t appeared
all night.
She’s after Chip.
Needy runs over to Chip’s house and learns
that he left 20 minutes ago.
She then runs to the park, knowing he would
have gone through there.
Meanwhile, Jen takes Chip to an abandoned
community pool.
They sit at the edge of the pool and start
kissing again.
But Chip pulls back, saying that it feels
weird.
This angers Jen and she pushes him to the
water and starts dragging and hitting up against
the tiled walls.
Needy arrives just in time and finds Jen eating
her boyfriend’s neck.
She jumps into the pool and tries to drown
her former friend.
She goes back to Chip, who’s still alive
but bleeding, and tosses her the pepper spray.
Jen resurfaces from the water and she sprays
the bottle at her.
She screams and vomits black puke all over
them.
Jen starts levitating and steps outside the
pool.
Needy and Chip get out of the pool.
Needy finally confronts Jen, telling her that
she was never a good friend.
Jen always wants what she wants.
Needy accuses her of being insecure and tells
her that she’s no longer socially relevant.
Jen screams at her and threatens to eat her
soul, but when she lunges towards her, Chip
brings up the broken pool cleaner and stabs
her in the torso.
She pulls out the pole, in pain but still
alive, and walks away from her former friend.
Needy then comforts Chip.
They apologize to each other and declare their
love for each other, but it’s too late.
Chip has been bleeding too fast and has lost
a lot of blood.
He slowly fades away and dies as Needy sobs
by his side.
Needy goes back home in her torn and ruined
dress.
She has nothing to live for now, but she can
still do something right.
She’s going to stop Jen no matter what.
She cleans herself up and marches her way
to Jen’s house.
From Jen’s bedroom window, Needy could see
her worn and weak.
She breaks into her window and lunges at her
but Jen avoids her attack.
Needy pins her down on the bed and tries to
strangle her to death but she bites her on
the neck.
Needy takes out a box cutter and crosses out
her stomach.
Jen starts levitating from the bed and they
struggle midair.
Needy grabs their friendship necklace and
this stuns Jen, prompting her to fall back
to the bed.
As much as she hated Needy, she never really
thought she would be the one to end their
friendship.
Needy falls back to the bed and stabs the
box cutter deep into her heart.
She watches as Jen takes her final breath,
taking in the fact that she had just killed
her former best friend.
Suddenly, the lights turn on and Jen’s mom
runs into the room, cradling her dead daughter.
At the correctional facility, Needy is still
in solitary confinement and everything is
going according to plan.
She’s not the same Needy anymore because
when you get bitten by a demon and you live,
you absorb some of the demon’s abilities.
She lands down from her meditation and breaks
down the facility’s walls and escapes by
tearing the fence.
As she walks down the road, she notices a
small creek nearby full of red balls and takes
the knife that Nikolai used to stab Jen.
It seems like everything at Devil’s Kettle
eventually resurfaces.
As morning breaks, she flags down a car and
hitches a ride towards the east in Madison.
She tells the driver she’s following this
rock band because it’s going to be their
last show tonight.
Later on, the police find all the members
of Low Shoulder dead in their hotel room.